At the time I joined high school at SMA Negeri 3 Surakarta, I enrolled for "Administrator" organization and joined its HTML division as a member because it seemed quite familiar with my background. The division later changed to "Programming" division. Near the end of the year, our team was assigned with the game development task as the final project. We developed a simple 2D top-down shooter game, [Tank vs. Monsters RELOADED](https://github.com/michaelrk02/tvmr-scripts) using Unity Engine. I managed to accomplish that project because I was already familiar with game development basics. In the 2nd year of my membership, I started coordinating with my team on assisting the PEMILOS (Pemilihan Ketua OSIS) program by maintaining the network infrastructure. Soon after that, I am reached by the MPK (Majelis Perwakilan Kelas) to help their event by developing a simple e-voting website to vote for favourite teachers for their annual event (GURFAV / Guru Favorit). Because of that opportunity, I started to learn web development by myself and nailed the project using PHP. One year after that, I developed e-voting for PEMILOS too for the purpose of easy maintenance (the earlier system was relatively hard to maintain). Besides that, I also contributed in AKSEN (Ajang Kreasi dan Seni) by being a volunteer as Ticketing Staff and developed an e-ticketing website that's going to be used by thousands of participants as the primary source to buy e-tickets in the form of digitally generated QR code images and will be scanned as they arrive at the venue of the event. The development itself used CodeIgniter PHP framework. Since that time, I started to allocate my focus on developing websites due to productivity considerations.
